.. Social Impact Network Documentation documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Mon Jan 18 17:17:55 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

===============================
Social Impact Token (SI Token)
===============================
.. warning:: Currently, only Social Impact Prototype Token (SIP Token) exists. See `SIP Token <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_

The Social Impact Token (SI Token) is used for payment flows (including investment, allocation, interest and payouts).
SI Token is an ERC20 token on the Ethereum Blockchain, programmed in Solidity.
All interactions with SI Token can be done through `SI platform (frontend) <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_.
Since the token was implemented according to the ERC20 standard, the basic functions (e.g. sending and receiving) can also be performed via any ERC20-enabled wallet.

Social Impact Prototype Token (SIP Token)
--------------------------------------------
Social Impact Network is currently in the prototype phase. In order to test the Social Impact Network and its Transparent Impact Measurement System <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_, the Social Impact Prototype Token has been developed.

In contrast to SI Token, some simplified conditions were created for SIP Token. These conditions were created in order to reduce the regulatory aspects of the security token to a minimum.


Simplified conditions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
#. The underlying security is not publicly offered.
#. Investors and project beneficiaries are known to each other and limited. 
#. The aid organization and the beneficiary are identical and will be a natural person within UNDP Lebanon.
#. Proceeds from token sales will be received directly through the Smart Contract in ETH or DAI. No external financial service provider will be involved.
#. The token value is pegged at $1 (1 SIP = $1). There will be no calculation of `Asset Net value <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_.
#. It is a single project funding and no other projects will be funded through this token.
#. The project duration of the project is limited to 6 months.
#. Interest and principal payments are made monthly.  
#. The interest and payouts will be credited to the investors' tokens and it is necessary to arrange the payment through the platform.



Investment and payout process (SIP Token)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

//Grafik

.. note:: SI token is a payout token. Monthly interest and dividend payments are transferred to investors in DAI via token. Withdrawals can be initiated at any time via SI platform.

#. The (known) investors invests via the `SI platform (frontend) <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_ and pays in DAI or Ether.
#. SI tokens are generated by the smart contract and transferred to investor.
#. The investor's funds then are transferred (along with the funds of the other known investors) to the project beneficiary.
#. The project beneficiary, together with a contractor, builds a solar system for himself.
#. The beneficiary pays monthly interest and payouts directly to the smart contract in DAI.
#. DAI is credited to investors on proportional basis.
#. Investors can withdraw their credited DAI at any time.



Smart Contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Die Grundfunktionalitäten des Smart Contract des SIP gleichen dem des SI Token.
Aufgrund der Vereinfachung entfallen Funktionen für die Berechnung der NetAssetValue. Es findet auch eine Vereinfachung statt, da bei dem SIP Token ausschließlich ein Einzelprojekt vorliegt.
Durch den Entfall der Fiat-Zahlungswege müssen jedoch zwei weitere Funktionen dem Smart Contract hinzugefügt werden:

.. list-table:: xxxx
   :widths: 50 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Methode
     - Erklärung
   * - Buy
     - Durch die Buy-Methode kann der bekannte Investor die SIP Token für Ether oder Dai kaufen. Diese Funktionalität wird in dem SI Token durch einen lizensierten Finanzpartner und vorgeschalteten KYC Prozessen abgebildet.
   * - Claim (Beneficary)
     - Der Beneficary kann die DAI der Investoren auszahlen, um Sie für die Finanzierung der Solar-Anlage zu verwenden

     
Vision Social Impact Token 
----------------------------

//Grafik: Beschreibung des Investionsprozesses FUND (allgemein)

Das grundlegene Konzept des Investments sieht vor, dass der Investor in einen Funding-Pool investiert. Für sein investment in diesen Pool erhält der Investor entsprechend dem Tokenpreis sowie der Investmentsumme SI Token.
Der Tokenpreis kalkuliert sich hierbei nach dem `Asset Net value <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_ und gibt hierbei die echte Wertentwicklung der Projekte wieder.
Die Gelder des Funding-Pools werden von den autorisierten AID Organisitionen verwendet um geplante, nachhaltige Projekte mit einem definierten ROI (avg. >6%) umzusetzen.
Eine Liste der geplanten Projekte findet sich auf der `SI Plattform (Frontend) <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_.
Dividenden aus den Investionsprojekten werden in regelmäßigen Abständen (typischerweise monatlich) in DAI an die Inestoren ausgeschüttet.


Investions und Ausschüttungsprozess (SI Token)
------------------------------------------------

//Grafik

.. warning:: Für den Investions und Ausschüttungsprozess des Social Impact Prototype Token (SIP Token) klicke bitte `hier <https://github.com/Social-Impact-Network/Frontend>`_.

.. note:: Der SI Token ist ein ausschüttender Token. Regelmäßige (monatliche) Auszahlungen finden in DAI an den Halter des SI Token statt.

.. note:: Vorerst werden über das Social Impact Network ausschlielich erneuerbare Energie Projekte umgesetzt.



#. Der Investor kauft SI Token über einen lizensierten Partner oder über die SI Platform.
#. Die SI Tokens werden für den Investor erstellt (geminted) und an ihn versendet.
#. Die Gelder des Investors fließen  (gemeinsam mit den Geldern der weiteren Investoren) an die Aid Organization.
#. Gemeinsam mit einem Cotractor errichten die Aid Organization und der Contractor eine Solaranalge für einen vorgegebenen Beneficary.
#. Der Beneficary zahlt die erhaltene Energie an die Aid Organization.
#. Die Aid organization tauscht das Geld über einen Exchange in Dai.
#. Die DAI fließen zurück in den Smart Contract.
#. Die DAI werden anteilig an alle Investoren ausgeschüttet; Teile der Zahlungen werden für zukünftige Projekte einbehalten (reinvest).
